W-14793968 Feature/w 14793968 beta to latest oms (#116)
mulesoft/docs-accelerators: salesforce-oms/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/anypointmq-setup-guide.adoc

= Anypoint MQ Setup Guide

To create the Anypoint MQ destinations that are required by the MuleSoft Accelerator for Salesforce OMS components, use the `Anypoint-MQ-Configuration` Postman collection in the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.examples/accel-b2b-common-resources-src/[Accelerator B2B Common Resources] project.

== Environment Settings

Create the `dev` environment by using the template in the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.examples/accel-b2b-common-resources-src/[Accelerator B2B Common Resources] project and importing it into your Postman workspace. Assign the values that reflect your target Anypoint Platform org before running the requests.

== Run the Collection

The collection defines the variables that you must override prior to running requests. The collection is organized into separate folders, which you must execute in the following order:

. Authorization

> . Client-Management - This variable is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. (Optional) Client-Management
```

. Queue-Management
. Exchange-Management

> Run requests in the _Verification_ folder to validate the results of the previous operations. If desired, run the requests in the _Deletions_ folder to clean up objects created by the collection. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run requests in the `Verification` folder to validate the results of the previous operations. Optionally, run the requests in the `Deletions` folder to clean up objects created by the collection. 
```
